clarify how boolean query rules operate (#1528)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _opensearch/query-dsl/bool.md

You can perform a Boolean query with the `bool` query type. A Boolean query compounds query clauses so you can combine multiple search queries with Boolean logic. To narrow or broaden your search results, use the `bool` query clause rules.

> As a compound query type, `bool` allows you to construct an advanced query by combining several simple queries together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a compound query type, `bool` allows you to construct an advanced query by combining several simple queries.
```

Use the following rules to define how to combine multiple sub-query clauses within a `bool` query:

Clause rule | Behavior
:--- | :---

> `must` | Logical `and` operator. The results must match the queries in this clause. If you have multiple queries, every single one must match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`must` | Logical `and` operator. The results must match the queries in this clause. If you have multiple queries, all of them must match.
```

`must_not` | Logical `not` operator. All matches are excluded from the results.

> `should` | Logical `or` operator. The results should, but don't have to, match the queries. Each matching `should` clause increases the relevancy score. As an option, you can require one or more queries to match the value of the `minimum_number_should_match` parameter (default is 1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`should` | Logical `or` operator. The results should, but don't need to, match the queries. Each matching `should` clause increases the relevancy score. As an option, you can require one or more queries to match the value of the `minimum_number_should_match` parameter (default is 1).
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think we can use "need to" here. To put it more precisely, we should do something like:
"The results must match at least one query" or "The results must match at least one query, but not necessarily all queries"

Reviewer: I like the second one, but no comma :-).

Reviewer: I like that one even better.

Author: agreed. OR operators require that _either_ of the terms, or _both_ should be returned.

> `should` | Logical `or` operator. The results must match at least one of the queries, but optionally, it can match both queries. Each matching `should` clause increases the relevancy score. As an option, you can require one or more queries to match the value of the `minimum_number_should_match` parameter (default is 1).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`should` | Logical `or` operator. The results must match at least the `minimum_number_should_match` of the queries, but optionally, it can match more queries. Each matching `should` clause increases the relevancy score. As an option, you can set the minimum number of queries that must match using the `minimum_number_should_match` parameter (default is 1).
```

Author: thanks for the suggestion Fanit. let's keep two separate field definitions clear.

`should` it requires one or both to match. (they can use `should` by itself as an OR operator)
`minimum_number_should_match` - optional. they can also choose to require that at least 1 must match.

Reviewer 2: | thanks for the suggestion Fanit. let's keep two separate field definitions clear.
| should it requires one or both to match. (they can use should by itself as an OR operator)
| minimum_number_should_match - optional. they can also choose to require that at least 1 must match.

`should` requires **one or more** to match. There are two issues here: 
1. There may be not two queries, but more than two, so the word "both" does not work in this context.
2. The results must match at least one query **if** `minimum_number_should_match` is not set, so it is 1 (the default).
If the `minimum_number_should_match` is set to, let's say 2, then the results must match at least **two** queries.
So, the `minimum_number_should_match` is closely related to the `should` in that it sets the minimum number of queries in `should` the document must match to be returned in the result.

Author: Let's go through to clarify:

1. OR operators mean one or more. Yes. there might be more than two queries. 
Changing "both" to "more than one."

2. adding the additional explanation you provided. Thanks!

> `filter` | Logical `and` operator that is applied first to reduce your dataset before applying the queries. A query within a filter clause is a yes-no option, where if a document matches the query it's included in the results. Otherwise, it's not.  The results of a filter query are generally cached so they tend to run faster. Use the filter query to filter the results based on exact matches, ranges, dates, numbers, and so on.

Reviewer 3: "...so they tend to run faster"
"...to allow a faster return."
(a just-giving-myself-something-to-do kind of suggestion)

Author: thanks

> `filter` | Logical `and` operator that is applied first to reduce your dataset before applying the queries. A query within a filter clause is a yes or no option. If the document matches the query, it gets returned in the results; otherwise it does not. The results of a filter query are generally cached to allow for a faster return. Use the filter query to filter the results based on exact matches, ranges, dates, numbers, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`filter` | Logical `and` operator that is applied first to reduce your dataset before applying the queries. A query within a filter clause is a yes or no option. If a document matches the query, it is returned in the results; otherwise, it is not. The results of a filter query are generally cached to allow for a faster return. Use the filter query to filter the results based on exact matches, ranges, dates, numbers, and so on.
```

### Boolean query structure

> The structure of a boolean query contains the `bool` query type followed by clause rules as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The structure of a Boolean query contains the `bool` query type followed by clause rules, as follows:
```

You can perform a Boolean query with the `bool` query type. A Boolean query compounds query clauses so you can combine multiple search queries with Boolean logic. To narrow or broaden your search results, use the `bool` query clause rules.

As a compound query type, `bool` allows you to construct an advanced query by combining several simple queries.

Use the following rules to define how to combine multiple sub-query clauses within a `bool` query:

Clause rule | Behavior
:--- | :---
`must` | Logical `and` operator. The results must match the queries in this clause. If you have multiple queries, all of them must match.
`must_not` | Logical `not` operator. All matches are excluded from the results.

> `should` | Logical `or` operator. The results must match at least one of the queries, but optionally, it can match more than one query. Each matching `should` clause increases the relevancy score.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`should` | Logical `or` operator. The results must match at least one of the queries, but optionally, it can match more than one query. Each matching `should` clause increases the relevancy score.  You can set the minimum number of queries that must match using the `minimum_number_should_match` parameter.
```

> `should` | Logical `or` operator. The results must match at least one of the queries, but optionally, it can match more than one query. Each matching `should` clause increases the relevancy score.  You can set the minimum number of queries that must match using the `minimum_number_should_match` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`should` | Logical `or` operator. The results must match at least one of the queries, but, optionally, they can match more than one query. Each matching `should` clause increases the relevancy score.  You can set the minimum number of queries that must match using the `minimum_number_should_match` parameter.
```

> `minimum_number_should_match` | Optional parameter for use with a `should` query clause. You can set the minimum number of queries that must match using the `minimum_number_should_match` parameter. The default value is 1. If `minimum_number_should_match` is set to 2, then the results must match two queries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`minimum_number_should_match` | Optional parameter for use with a `should` query clause. Specifies the minimum number of queries that the document must match for it to be returned in the results. The default value is 1.
```
